Welcome Back to another Movie Recap. Today
we look at a Horror, Mystery Thriller, called
Knock Knock, starring Keanu Reeves.
Spoilers ahead, so watch out and take care.
The movie opens with photo’s showing a loving
family. A beautiful wife and beautiful kids
in a stereotypical suburban American home,
with a few more quirks dotted around the house.
We then join Keanu Reeves, playing Evan, fooling
around in bed with his stunning wife before
they are interrupted by their two children
to wish Evan a Happy Father’s Day. A Beautiful
little family.
We see a loving father, with a loving family.
Karen, Evans’s wife and kids are set to
go away for the Weekend while Evan has to
stay home and work.
Lewis a family friend drops off some books
that Karen has had produced.
A statue arrives for the garden before the
family leave to go to the sea, while Evan
and their dog stay home alone. They drive
off for a lovely weekend.
That night sees a heavy thunderstorm, Evan
is listening to music while home alone and
working on his computer when his family facetime
him.
From outside the house, you are given the
impression someone is looking inside, but
you don’t know who.
While back at work designing a house and having
a smoke the music goes off and he hears a
knock at the front door.
When he opens the door, he is presented with
two stunning young ladies who have been drenched
in the current downpour.
They ask for a family name that he’s unaware
of, they claim a taxi had dropped them off
and they are lost. One of the ladies’ sneezes
and he hands her a handkerchief, before allowing
them to come in and use his phone.
They then ask to use his computer, which he
agrees.
When inside, he goes to grab them some towels
to dry off as well as an iPad to help them
find the address they are looking for.
Bell introduces herself while Genesis uses
the iPad. Within moments Bell starts to flirt
with Evan, which he seems oblivious to.
They claim the address they wanted is miles
away and Evan orders them an Uber which will
be 45 minutes.
They ask to throw their clothes in to Evans’s
dryer, which he awkwardly agrees too before
grabbing them some robes.
Both ladies join Evan, who is making them
a hot drink while they are in their new robes.
He puts their clothes in the dryer, when he
returns, they are dancing to music and playing
with the family dog, called Monkey.
Evan’s tells the ladies he used to be a
DJ when he was younger and that he is now
43. He tells them his family are away at present
before the ladies come in for a hug making
him feel uncomfortable and continue to flirt
with him.
They look at a picture of Karen while they
look at all the sculptures she created.
The flirting continues and Bell swiftly turns
the conversation to Sex and how he must do
it all the time with his wife. Evan tries
to shrug off the flirting while the Uber is
still 20 minutes away.
Genesis and Bell try and make threesomes a
normal thing and that being with only one
person isn’t natural.
They tell Evan they are both flight attendants
as they continue to flirt.
You can see in Evan’s eyes he is starting
to fall for their flirtatious selves, with
the uber only 5 minutes away Genesis goes
to the bathroom.
Bell has Evan put on a different piece of
music; she starts to dance in a provocative
manner all while Evan’s eyes are drawn to
her.
He starts to show off his DJ skills as she
dances for him.
Bell pulls Evan in to dance as she tells him
how good of a time they are all having, she
removes her gum as she goes in to kiss him.
He pulls away at the last second, just as
the Uber arrives.
Evan grabs their clothes, as he gives them
the clothes, they are both naked in the shower
waiting for him. As they continue to touch
him, he tries to stop them time and time again,
but soon he comes under their seduction and
ends up sleeping with them both, first in
the shower and then in the family bed.
We then cut to Evan in bed with them both
asleep.
In the morning Evan is in bed alone, he wakes
up, his wedding ring on the sideboard and
missed messages from his wife.
He hoes to find both Bell and Genesis, he
approaches them in a rage as they are making
breakfast in his kitchen and acting very childish.
The kitchen has been trashed as they continue
to act like children and referring to him
as daddy.
He takes a call from his wife in the garden
as both Bell and Genesis try and distract
him.
He returns inside in anger, trying to get
them both to leave, which is proving extremely
difficult.
Bell continues to try and seduce him as he’s
trying to get them to leave.
He waits outside for them both, but they don’t
show up. He finds them damaging his wife’s
statue.
As he tries to call their parents, they tell
him they are both only 15 and that if he calls
anyone they will tell them he is a predator.
Telling him he will get minimum 15 to 20 years
in prison.
They tell him they lied about being flight
attendants. He tries to pay them to leave.
They tell him they are not hookers.
Viviane, a family friend arrives, but he tells
her she can’t come in, it’s then Genesis
comes out while caressing him. She leaves
in anger.
Back inside Evan is angry and tries to force
them to leave. In anger he starts to choke
Genesis, but she tells him he doesn’t have
it in him before he releases her. He’s notably
upset and frustrated.
Evan calls 911, but Genesis hangs up the phone
before asking for a ride.
After an awkward car ride, he drops them off
at what he believes is their home. As soon
as they are out of the car he drives off.
They don’t enter the house but swiftly walk
away.
Evan cleans up his family home as if nothing
had happened, trying to forget the previous
night.
He finishes cleaning up his home and returns
to work. He hears a noise and investigates,
now paranoid.
In the room he see’s a family photo smashed
on the floor; it’s then Genesis knocks him
unconscious from behind with a sculpture.
They tie him to the bed; he wakes up as Genesis
is doing her makeup. He can’t get free as
he claims he’s a good person.
He can’t free himself. Bell joins him wearing
his daughters school uniform and calling him
Daddy. She removes her underwear before standing
over him.
He asks to be untied as Bell tells him she
loves him as Genesis doesn’t. He can’t
free himself. He continues to beg to be freed.
Genesis writes ‘It was not a dream’ on
the mirror as Bell slaps Evan.
It’s then they hear his phone that he’s
laid on. It’s his wife on facetime. The
agree not to answer the phone as long as Evan
sleeps with Bell again.
As Bell sleeps with Evan as he’s tied up,
Genesis disappears. Evan is able to free himself
and knocks Bell from him. He goes after Genesis,
who is eating cake. As he goes to strangle
her, she stabs him with a knife. Bell joins
them and tells him he must be punished.
They tie Evan to a chair and pretend to play
a game. They then torture him with noises,
nearly damaging his hearing.
The questions and the punishment continue,
asking him questions about how he should be
punished, including prison or death, he doesn’t
answer.
It’s then Lewis turns up at the door.
They cover Evan up. Lewis enters the house
and Genesis pretends she is their filming
a music video, which Lewis believes.
As Lewis goes outside to collect the sculpture,
he finds it covered in paint and damaged.
He starts to panic and needs his inhaler.
They tell him it was vandals who broke in,
they then start to try and seduce Lewis.
Lewis hears Evan who is tied up, as he’s
untying him, they start to destroy the sculpture,
he goes to stop them, but they’ve taken
his inhaler and he can’t breathe. As he
tries to get it back, he falls and cracks
his head open, killing him.
Both Bell and Genesis can’t stop laughing.
As Evan watches on they turn Lewis’s body
into a sculpture and send a fake message from
Evan to Lewis, telling him he will kill him
if he sleeps with his wife again and that
he better disappear. They then load Lewis’s
body into his own van.
They then want to continue the ‘gameshow’.
They tell him how much of a bad person he
is for sleeping with them and that he doesn’t
deserve his family.
They tell him he deserves death for his actions.
He gets angry and starts to blame them for
what happened. He tells them he tries to be
a good guy, but that they seduced him.
They then tell him he will be executed at
Dawn before Bell calls him Daddy yet again.
Bell and Genesis then dig what appears to
be a grave in the back garden. While looking
on Evan sees his iPad and tries to get it.
He uses voice control to try and call his
wife, as it starts calling, they return and
throw it in the garden.
They then admit to spying on Evan prior to
the night they arrived at his house.
They change into new clothes and destroy more
statues in the garden as time swiftly ticks
by. They destroy the house, cut his hair,
and continue to act like children.
They continue to do more and more damage and
morning swiftly approaches. It’s then they
find a gun in a statue.
Genesis gets Bell to untie Evan.
Evan asks what they want, and Genesis tells
him she wants to play hide and seek. They
tell him he has 30 seconds. If they find him,
they will kill him, but if he survives the
90 minutes till sunrise they will leave, and
he will live.
They continue to search for him, moving from
room to room. Evan tries to leave the house
but falls, they catch him.
It’s sunrise, a wide shot of the estate
shows the calm beauty, before it cuts back
to Genesis and Bell rolling Evan into the
grave they had made for him.
They sit him up, only his head above the hole
as they fill the hole in.
His head above the ground he begs them, they
remove his gag. They tell him he must call
his family and tell them what happened. He
agrees.
He goes to leave a message, but he yells for
them to call 911.
They re-insert his gag and tell him ‘Knock
Knock’. They tell him cheating will eventually
get him killed as they are about to hit him
over the head with a heavy statue.
They smash it down but miss him intentionally.
He’s petrified and crying as they laugh.
They tell him it’s just a game and he’s
not their first victim.
They tell him they are not killers; they tell
him they thought he’d be the first to say
no, but he didn’t and that they are all
the same.
As they leave, they tell Evan they are 22
and show him his phone, on it is a video on
his social media of him sleeping with them
both.
Bell and Genesis grab monkey before leaving
as Evan is left to watch on as he watches
the video of him sleeping with them.
The movie ends, the house destroyed and Evans’s
life in ruin just as his wife and family return
home to see everything.
A crazy ending to a crazy movie!
If you enjoyed the Recap of Knock Knock, then
why not hit that like button to show your
support and why not watch another video on
screen now.
Until our next Recap, stay safe, take care
and I’ll see you soon my friends.